update rspirv 0.11 to 0.12 (#43)
Rust-GPU/rust-gpu: CHANGELOG.md

- [PR#13](https://github.com/Rust-GPU/rust-gpu/pull/13) allow cargo features to be passed to the shader crate
- [PR#12](https://github.com/rust-gpu/rust-gpu/pull/12) updated toolchain to `nightly-2024-04-24`
- [PR#9](https://github.com/Rust-GPU/rust-gpu/pull/9) relaxed `glam` version requirements (`>=0.22, <=0.29`)
- [PR#1118](https://github.com/EmbarkStudios/rust-gpu/pull/1118) update rspirv to 0.12

>     - added support for `VK_KHR_fragment_shader_barycentric` with `bary_coord`/`bary_coord_no_persp` buildins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - added support for `VK_KHR_fragment_shader_barycentric` with `bary_coord`/`bary_coord_no_persp` built-ins
```

Author: I removed the changelog changes and moved them to the description, as it's pointing to the wrong PR anyway
